In your own terms, define the following terms:

What is HTTP?
	HTTP stands for hyper-text transfer protocol, sort of like a set of rules for how users can interact with web servers

What is a URL?
	a URL is an address for a particular website/web app. This is what you type into your browser in order to navigate to a certain web address.

What is DNS?
	stands for Domain Name System, and turns the URL (what we type/understand) into an IP address (what the computer understands)

What is a query string?
	a query string is what is sent as part of a get request that a server can use to search through their files/databases to get the information that you requested and send it back to you. 

What are two HTTP verbs and how are they different?
	GET - a method where you ask for information and are given information back. There is no way to change any backend/server information with a GET request. 
	POST - a method where you can in some way add or modify information on a server/in a hosted database. POST method sneds information as opposed to GET method which receives information. 

What is an HTTP request?
	This is what you make when you fill out a form or navigate to a web address - you are making an HTTP request to a server for information. 

What is an HTTP response?
	This is what is returned to the user(client) after they make a request. 

What is an HTTP header? Give a couple examples of request and response headers you have seen.
	A header is additional information included in a request or response. Some examples include the language in which the web page would display (English, French, Spanish, etc), or the type of data that is returned (JSON, HTML, etc).

What are the processes that happen when you type “http://somesite.com/some/page.html” into a browser?
	When you type a web address or a URL into your browser, the browser will include additional headers and make a response to that particular websites server. That server will search for the information you requested (the particular page/html), and will return that information to your browser. The browser will then render the html/css/js into a visual representation of the code (the website will be displayed). If that page doesn't exist, you may receive a different response (404, 500) which may indicate that the problem is with the information that you provided to the browser or it may be a problem with the server. 

